hi everyone my name is Lila and welcome
to my kitchen today I'm making pot
stickers these delicious fried dumplings
are filled with a mixture of ground meat
and vegetables and make the perfect
appetizer or snack for the wrappers I'm
using joys of skins these can usually be
found in most Asian grocery stores
they're round and look like this for the
filling I'm using a half a head of
shredded green cabbage you can also use
napa cabbage if you wish 3/4 pound of
either ground pork or ground beef here
I'm using ground beef 3 green onions
diced 3 cloves of garlic minced 1/4
piece of fresh ginger grated 1 teaspoon
of sugar 1 tablespoon of shaoxing wine
cheese teaspoons of soy sauce and a
tablespoon of corn starch I'm going to
start by clicking the cabbage cover it
in hot water and microwave it on high
for about 3 to 4 minutes just until it
is soft then drain it run it under cold
running water and thoroughly squeeze out
all the excess water then in a large
bowl add all of the ingredients to the
ground beef except for the cabbage use
your hand to thoroughly mix everything
together once everything is mixed add in
the cabbage and again use your hand to
thoroughly mix it in now it's time to
fill the potstickers place a wrapper on
a working board or plate and wet the
edges thoroughly then add about a
teaspoon
the meat mixture to the center and fold
it in half next carefully pleat the
corner and then begin cleaning one edge
of the wrapper make about four pleats in
the wrapper and use your finger as a
guide then finish by pressing the corner
close and place the finished pot sticker
on a plate
once all the pot stickers are wrapped we
can start cooking add about a half a
tablespoon of peanut oil to a non-stick
pan and spread it around evenly with a
paper towel keep this on medium high
once the oil is hot add the potstickers
then add a half a cup of hot water cover
and let them cook for about seven to
eight minutes or until the water
completely boils out then remove the
cover and let them cook for about one
more minute or until the bottoms are
brown once they are brown then place
them on a plate and serve enjoy for
complete ingredients and instructions
click the link below thank you for
watching